/////Multiplayer Mini Games/////

1 - Race To Your Death: A board is chosen at random. Players are placed randomly using 2 dice for x coordinates and 2 dice for y coordinates. Players receive 5 program cards and program a whole turn. This process repeats until one of the players dies. The first person to die is the winner and gets a program card. Falling off the board immediately disqualifies you for the rest of this mini game. Bots shoot each other in this mini game.

2 - Toadstool Titan: Players are placed in the corners of the 8x8 grid facing in one of the inward directions. In the center there are 4 random turned over damage chits, 3 red, 1 green. Players are dealt 5 cards each. Each player programs 2 phases, draws 2 new program cards, and those 2 phases are executed. You do not redraw a new hand for each phase. If you do not like your cards, you may exchange your hand for a new hand minus one card. Once somebody becomes a giant, everyone's hand size goes back to normal, but until that point you will be handicapped. When someone gets the green damage chit, they take up 4 spaces, squish anyone they touch, and stay in that form for 4 phases at which point the damage chits are put back in the middle and the process is repeated until all players or dead or 30 turns have passed (in which case no one wins and the game ends).

3 - Treadmill Grill: Players are placed in the center of the 8x8 grid facing away from each other. Each person is give 5 cards and programs 2. At this point, N, S, E, or W is randomly selected and the farthest remaining row on that side is now all pits. A player wins by being the only one still alive. If there is only one row or one column left and there is more than one player, no one wins.

4 - Stacked Deck: Players are placed in the corners of the 8x8 grid facing in one of the inward directions. In the center 4 squares:
-Place a green damage chit nearest to the person in last and face up.
-Leave the square nearest to the person in first empty
-In the other two squares, randomly place 2 turned over damage chits, 1 green, 1 red.
Players are dealt 5 cards each. Each player programs 2 phases. When a player ends a phase on a damage chit, their bot is frozen and cannot be moved. Once all the chit squares are taken up, the chits are turned over and the players with green chits get an option card.

5 - (If not playing with 4 players, re-roll) 2 vs 2 Packing Panic: Teams are random. Players are placed diagonally opposite their team member on the 8x8 board. No one is allowed to strategize (not even with your team mate). Each player is given 7 cards and programs 4 phases at a time. The first team to bump their robots together wins.

6 - (If not playing with 4 players, the player that landed on the flag/wrench gets to pick the game) 2 vs 2 Eatsa Pizza: The 8x8 board (or alternatively a random board) is entirely covered in damage chits (one chit per square). Teams are random. Players are placed on the board at random. Teams may discuss strategy. Each player is dealt 9 cards and programs a full turn of 5 phases. Play lasts 2 turns. The team that collects the most chits wins and each player receives an option card. If you pass over or land on a square with a chit on it you pick up that chit. If two players pass over the same square, the player with higher priority picks it up. Players that fall off the map do not respawn. If both teams have equal chits, no one wins.
