/////Game Guy Games/////
Roll a dice to figure out which game you are playing. Then roll another dice to figure out how many option cards you are gambling. If the number rolled is higher than the amount of option cards you have, you only play for the number of option cards you have. Whatever number you are playing for, if you win you gain that many option cards, if you lose you have to get rid of that many option cards.

1 or 2 - Game Guy's Lucky 7 - On the 8x8 mini game map, you and game guy (pick a random bot to play game guy) are placed at one edge facing another. The objective is to get as close to the edge as you can without falling over. After rolling once, both the player and Game Guy have the option to roll a second time. The player decides/rolls first. If after the player goes and game guy is behind, game guy will roll again. If the player ends up farther away than Game Guy or falls off the end, the player loses. However, if the player ends closer or on the same square as Game Guy, the player wins. If the player manages end on the last square, the player receives 3x option cards instead of 2x option cards.

3 or 4 - Game Guy's Sweet Surprise - The player is betting on 2 random bots (Big Chomp and Little Chomp). Big Chomp and little chomp are placed on the edge of the 8x8 board facing the other side. Little chomp receives 9 cards (two 3s, one 2, four 1s, and two Backup). Big chop receives 9 cards (five 2s, three 1s, and one Backup). The program cards for each are shuffled and placed down in random order. Phases are revealed one at a time until one of the Chomps falls off the board (you cannot fall off backward). If the player bets on Big Chomp and wins, the player gets 2x options. If the player bets on Little Chomp and wins, the player gets 3x options. If the player loses, the player has to get rid of however many option cards were being gambled.

5 - Game Guy's Roulette - The player is betting on 3 random bots. On the 8x8 mini game map, Bot One is place in square (2,2) facing one of the edges. Bot Two is placed on (6,3) facing the closest edge. Bot Three is placed on (5,5) facing the nearest edge. If the player does not correctly guess which bot will die first from random cards, then the player loses the option cards being gambled, but if the player guesses correctly, they win the following amounts: Bot One - 2x, Bot Two - 3x, Bot Three - 3x and a star.

6 - Send any player of your choice to play whichever game guy game you want.
